feat/generat all fixes (#9288)
microsoft/typespec: .chronus/changes/feat-generat-all-fixes-2026-0-5-12-52-10.md

---
changeKind: feature
packages:
  - "@typespec/compiler"
---

> compiler - new method to generate multiple code fixes from diagnostics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[api] Expose `createSuppressCodeFixes` method to generate multiple code fixes from diagnostics
```
